Privacy Policy

Welcome to the QScanner App. 
We are an App that represents the Spirit. 
The aim of our  Privacy Policy is to help our users understand our information practices.
WHAT WE COLLECT
 
    1. Account Details : Your name, your email address, password and other such information that you provide to us. If you provided a profile picture that may also be displayed. Sometimes you may use your signing information through third-party sites like Google and Facebook. In those circumstances we may keep and store such information that was provided to us.
    2. Information about you that is made available to us by others in the process of their use of this app.
    3. Location data: The location or the IP address and such other information that signals your location may be collected. 
    4. Other users. Your contacts and messages with other users.
    5. Browsing Details: Which features you clicked on and the time spent on various parts of the app may be collected.
    6. Your friends : One of the features that we may provide to you is having the option of requesting your friends to join the App. You would do that by providing us their contact information. When you exercise that option we will only use your friends contact information to facilitate your request.
    7. Information to verify an account
    8. Use of Cookies and other electronic tools : We may use such electronic tools like cookies, pixel tags, flash cookies, web beacons, mobile device ID’s and such other electronic methods to help and aid your user experience at our site.
    9. Third Party Sites. You give us the right to collect and store your social media sign on information that you use to sign on to the site through your social media third party sites like Facebook and Google Plus. When you sign on to the account via your social media accounts you consent to our collection and storage of data from your social media pages. This could include any information that is available on social media pages or any information that is made available for the sign in process.
    10. We may collect information about you from third-party services, such as        analytics providers, advertisers. At times information may be collected about you from other publicly available materials. 

                               HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED
 
    1. To fulfill any purpose for which you actually provided the information and for any other purpose as disclosed by us to you when that information was provided.
    2. To enforce our terms of service and all other agreements that you agreed to as a precondition to use the QScanner app.
    3. As part of the legal requirement. We may need to share that information to investigate, prevent and to take action against any potential illegal activity, to any perceived violation of our terms of service, privacy policy, and if there is any perceived violation of third party rights. We may also be sharing information with law enforcement, government agencies, legal entities like courts as part of legal requirements such as subpoena, or government requirement to comply with legal statutes and laws.
    4. We may be part of a merger, restructuring, or such an event where parts or the whole of the company may be transferred, liquidated or sold to an outside buyer or such other entity. In this process all personal and private information held by Bharat Share app may be considered as part of the assets that are transferred.
    5. If you use social media features on our website or use social media to login, these entities may collect information about you, about your use of their service etc. Your use of those services are covered by their own privacy policies which is separate from those of the QScanner App.
 
HOW WE SECURE YOUR DATA
 
We implement appropriate physical and electronic procedures to protect the personal information that has been submitted to us during transmission and once received by us. However no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We cannot guarantee that all of your personal and what you would consider private information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. As a user of the QScanner App, you are taking all responsibility and risk arising from your use of the App, for the information you transmit or access from the App. 
Also transmissions that contain your personal information could be intercepted by others. Although all reasonable security standards are adhered to in all tasks involving access to personal data, it is impossible for us to guarantee the privacy and security of all transmissions that occur to and from the App as data is transmitted across the internet.
 
 
CHILDREN UNDER 13
 
We will not knowingly collect personal information from children to 13. If you’re aware the child under 13 has provided us with personal information please contact us ASAP at admin@QScanner.com.
 
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICIES
 
We do periodically update and make changes to the privacy policy. Please check the site periodically to appraise yourself of any changes. If we make any material changes the date of the changes will be posted on the top of this policy. Your continued use of our website after these changes have been posted signifies your acceptance of these changes in privacy policies.
 
CONTACT
If any questions about our privacy policy please contact us at admin @QScanner.com
